Aiden takes his
flight test today.
Is that for us?
- Out of the car. Now!
- Hey, whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
The system needs work.
We don't wait for change.
We make it happen.
Would you take $60?
$75. Final offer.
It's worth it. Trust me.
- And you're sure I need it?
- It's not a public pier, bro.
You want to surf fish,
you got to have a license,
even for catch-and-release.
Really? How often they check?
Do I look like the kind of guy
who would scam you?
Your silence hurts.
Look, you want
to risk it, be my guest.
But you're gonna wish
you had made this deal
if you get hit
with a $1,000 fine.
O-Okay, you got a deal.
- That normal?
- Uh-uh.
Oh, holy hell.
Look.
Come on.
I got a pulse.
He's still breathing.
Come on. We got to go.
Those licenses being legit?
That may have been a lie.
Hey, there's nothing
we can do for him.
Come on. Let's go. Come on.
- I can't.
- Come on.
Rescue's on the way.
Come on, man.
Shyla.
Sorry. Didn't mean to scare you.
It's okay. I just...
I didn't see you there.
Trying to find privacy
around here is really tough.
Tell me about it.
This is one of the only places
I could find to pray.
You don't mind doing it in here?
Oh, not at all.
Anywhere is a place of prayer.
Except for washrooms
and graveyards.
I'm finishing up, though.
Thanks.
Ugh. God. Why are men so...?
Sorry.
Oh, no, please do tell.
Unless you don't want to.
It's my husband.
Um, or my ex-husband now,
I guess.
I had no idea you were married.
I tend not to broadcast it.
We've been separated
for three years now,
but we've only started divorce
proceedings a couple months ago.
Oh, if I might ask, why now?
Timing finally seemed right,
from my end, at least.
I mean, he didn't contest it,
but I know he still wishes
we were together.
And he's not the best
at patience.
Been there.
Everything's been
filed and approved.
We're just trying to figure out
if it's official yet.
I should really...
- The room's all yours.
- Thanks.
Come on.
Considering a wardrobe change
already, Agent Rountree?
You've barely been here an hour.
It's funny. Lost my wallet.
I thought it might have been in
one of these undercover outfits.
You mean this wallet?
Oh, damn. Yeah.
Thanks, sir.
Agent Rountree...
are you all right?
LAPD wants me
to meet with a PR rep.
Whiting tipped me off.
They're trying
to push for paid leave
for the officer that pulled me
and my little sister over.
And you're not sure
if you should push for more?
I don't know
what I was hoping for,
but it sure as hell
wasn't paid leave.
Well, I know this is not
my place, Agent Rountree,
but it might not get better,
even if you do push.
Crooked cops have gotten
less for doing worse.
Oh, much worse.
Admiral, do you think that if...
if I wasn't a federal agent,
that this guy would have gotten
any punishment at all?
Unfortunately, that's
a very good question.
And I would never presume
to tell you what to do.
But if you do proceed,
you know that by virtue
of your position here,
you will have to continue
working with the LAPD?
- I'm well aware of that, sir.
- Then you are also aware
that they might try
and make it tough for you.
All due respect, sir,
tough is what I do.
Understood.
Then turning this
into something resembling
a respectable work area again
should be a piece of pie.
I asked for
buttermilk pancakes,
like your mother
used to make.
And?
She made it with a premade mix,
no actual buttermilk.
So you accused her
of being a liar?
Well, if you lie about pancakes,
what else will you lie about?
Now, is this the kind
of person you want caring
- for your dear old pop?
- Raymond,
if I knew you were coming, I
would've brought another coffee.
Oh, don't worry.
I can fend for myself.
- You did not just take my coffee.
- Yeah.
What is this all about?
- His caretaker quit this morning.
- More like
we mutually parted after
irreconcilable differences.
- About pancakes.
- Well, now,
I got to take Raymond's side
on this. I mean,
breakfast is the most
important meal of the day.
My man.
Right?
All right,
you two enjoy your coffee.
I have something to do,
like find someone
to take care of him last minute.
Huh. Did you try Castor?
Not helping.
Is there anything better
than messing with him?
I can't think of much.
Hello?
What kind of accident?
I'll be there
as soon as I can.
Aiden's plane went down
this morning.
He's been airlifted
to a hospital
near NAS Point Mugu.
No word on his condition.
Oh, my God.
Go. I'll see
what the office knows.
Fatima?
Callen.
We just heard about Aiden.
Have you learned anything?
Not much other than
his F-35 crashed near Ventura.
Shyla has an update
coming in right now.
Okay, great.
We'll loop you in.
Admiral, Callen, Fatima,
this is Lieutenant Commander
Kristina Hirsch.
Good to meet you all.
Wish it was under
different circumstances.
What can you tell us?
How's Aiden?
He's still undergoing
testing, but it looks like
Lieutenant Hanna is
going to be all right.
He'll be held at the hospital
overnight for observation.
I'll be meeting
with him soon.
Understood.
Do we know
what caused the crash?
That's what I've been tasked
to find out.
I'll be leading a JAGMAN
investigation of the incident.
Could be a straightforward case
of equipment malfunction
or pilot error,
but we can't be certain
that an external factor
can be to blame.
An F-35 was taken down
by a drone swarm
near the same area
last year.
We worked that case.
Is there any reason to believe
it could have happened again?
We made some detection
improvements since then,
so I'd say it's unlikely.
But we can't rule
anything out yet.
And since it happened
right in your backyard,
I'd appreciate your help
in getting to the bottom of it.
Of course. Anything you need.
I'm going to debrief
Lieutenant Hanna myself,
and I could use some assistance
in gathering evidence
and interviewing witnesses.
That's our specialty.
Lieutenant Hanna was
on a test flight out
of NAS Point Mugu
when he went down.
Luckily, barely missed
an apartment complex.
There's a few eyewitnesses
being held at a beach nearby,
and I also need someone to talk
to the squadron's
maintenance chief.
Agent Namazi, you and
Agent Rountree hit the beach.
Ms. Dahr, meet
Agent Callen
at the boatshed and talk
to the maintenance chief.
I will hold things down here.
Can do.
There is one catch.
I want to be clear
that Special Agent Hanna
cannot be involved
in any part of this
crash investigation.
As Lieutenant Hanna's father,
this would be a very obvious
conflict of interest.
Let me be the one to tell him.
Oh, I'm-I'm sure
he'll have no problem with that.
I'm sorry, man,
but this is coming from up high.
I get it. I don't
like it, but I get it.
But if you find anything,
and I mean anything,
you call me, all right?
You know I will.
All right, I got to go.
Love you too, sis.
Aiden.
I'm all right, Dad, really.
My boy.
It's good to see you.
You too, Major. I just
got off the phone with Kam.
- Uh, she says hi.
- How are you?
I'm fine, Dad, I swear.
Uh, this is...
- Yeah?
- This is all
from the ejection.
You don't look fine.
Yeah, I mean, uh,
it did knock me out.
And they said
I have a concussion.
I must have twisted my ankle
by the way I landed, but...
Okay....I'll take that
over the alternative any day.
Any landing
you can walk away from.
- Mm-hmm.
What happened out there?
I don't remember.
I've been trying
to go over it in my mind.
Sorry to intrude.
At ease, Lieutenant.
Pleasure to meet you,
Special Agent Hanna.
You, too.
Lieutenant Commander
Kristina Hirsch.
I'm heading the JAGMAN
investigation into the incident.
Lieutenant Hanna,
how are you feeling?
All things considered,
I'm... I'm okay.
Then we can get started
on your official statement.
Master Chief Frazier, you direct
all aircraft maintenance
- and inspections in the squadron?
- Yes, ma'am.
And as soon
as any mishap occurs,
all maintenance records,
log books and files
on the incident plane
are locked down.
- So they can't be altered?
- Correct.
And I did that as soon
as I was made aware.
They're available
for you to examine.
We will. Right now
we're interested in your take.
Was there anything
in those records
that you thought
- was a red flag?
- No, sir.
The incident plane was
a relatively new airframe,
next phase maintenance
wasn't due
for another 100 flight hours.
Was it given a proper pre-flight
inspection this morning?
Of course. The plane was
certified for safe flight.
Sonic would have confirmed
the same before takeoff.
Sonic?
That's Lieutenant Hanna's
call sign.
Sam's never mentioned that?
I don't think he even knows.
Why Sonic?
That's Lieutenant
Hanna's story to tell.
He's a great pilot.
I was shocked to hear
that everything went sideways.
We understand
this was a test flight.
What exactly were they testing?
That's classified.
It's a system being developed
by Starling Aeronautics,
and they keep
pretty tight-lipped.
I'm not sure
how much I can say, but...
But... what?
Between you and me, they're
behind schedule and over budget.
Now, if you want to know more,
you'll have to talk to our CO.
I'll call the admiral.
All right, Lieutenant Hanna,
talk me through the flight.
Uh, well, um,
the takeoff was normal.
Proceeded to flight level
1-0-0 out to sea.
And once
we reached the exercise area,
the systems test went off
without a hitch.
But then, um...
then, on the way back...
What is it?
Well, I'm not sure
what happened next.
Uh... my memory is just...
It's really fuzzy.
Take your time, son.
I distinctly remember realizing
that I had to punch out,
but before that,
it's just...
it's just not as clear.
Why don't you try
working backwards?
That helps me.
Nah.
I'm sorry. I just...
I just... I just
can't remember anything.
We'll get back to that later.
Right before the incident, the
plane was taken off autopilot.
Do you remember doing that?
N-No.
You have been the recipient
of some reprimands
and Letters of Instruction
for, shall we say,
pushing the envelope?
For example,
last year
you were given an LOI
for breaking the sound barrier
over the continental USA.
What?
He'd never do that.
Aiden.
Please don't act like you were
Mr. Perfect all the time.
Even if he did that,
that doesn't have anything
to do with this.
Pilot performance is a big part
of this investigation.
And Lieutenant Hanna has
developed a reputation
for flat-hatting.
Showing off.
Who hasn't had
a little bit of fun
every now and then?
Well, that little bit of fun
overstressed
a $94 million airplane.
$94 million?
I mean, what has it got,
jewel-encrusted afterburners?
Dad.
Special Agent Hanna,
Major Hanna,
I allowed you
to stay in the room
out of deference
for your standing
as decorated
combat veterans,
but you need to stay silent.
I wasn't made aware
that my son's integrity
would be called into question.
This was a mistake.
I need you both
to wait outside.
Hey, I'm his father.
Come on, son. Let's...
let's let her do her job.
It's okay, Dad.
All right, thanks, guys.
- Any luck on your end?
- No, it's weird.
None of them noticed anything
until the explosion.
Ah, same, but maybe
that's good news.
I mean, you know, no evidence
of another drone swarm.
Yeah,
or a surface-to-air missile.
Even if no one saw it fired,
it would leave a smoke trail.
Yeah, but still you'd think
something like a plane going
down would draw more attention.
Yeah, not when there's
good swells and offshore winds.
Yeah, well, maybe the wind
made it difficult to hear,
especially out
over the water.
I know it was early,
but just doesn't seem
like a lot of people.
Oh? I mean, these guys said
that they saw a van leaving
shortly after
the plane went down,
but they didn't
get a good look.
Might not need to.
Entrance has
a license plate reader.
Ah. Well, it's automated.
That might take a minute.
It's worth a shot.
Shall we?
Commander Espinoza,
thank you for taking the time.
Of course, Admiral. Though as
I'm sure you can imagine,
things are pretty hectic
around here today.
Understood. I won't keep you
any longer than I need to.
What can you tell us
about the system
that Starling Aeronautics
was testing
on this morning's flight?
It's a software package
that upgrades the F-35's
electronic warfare capabilities.
And that can be done
via software?
Short answer, yes. It's not
the most elegant analogy,
but this plane's basically
a flying computer.
There's a lot you can improve
on the software side alone.
Any reason to believe that the
system could have had anything
to do
with Lieutenant Hanna's crash?
It's highly unlikely.
The crash occurred after the
system was successfully tested,
during level flight
back to base.
Still, we will need to speak
to someone at Starling.
I'm sure you understand.
Of course. I'll make sure
the program manager knows
you need to speak with him.
Thank you, Commander.
Can you believe her?
I would've asked you
to leave, too.
Come on, Dad. You saw
what was going on in there.
She's more interested in
putting his character on trial
than actually
finding out what happened.
That may be, but we weren't
exactly helping the cause.
You were the one cracking jokes
about breaking the rules.
And how are you so calm?
You would think you're not
the same hard-ass that used
to make me call you "Major."
Because I'm not. You know?
I learned to let go of a lot
of those things that I held
so hard when I was young.
And I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I didn't
learn those lessons earlier.
For you and for your mother.
Pop,
it's so easy to look back and
see how things could have been.
And, sure, I didn't
appreciate it at the time,
but...
you helped me turn out to be
the man I am today,
and I love you for it.
I know.
And seeing the man
that you are today
helped me to loosen my grip.
But eventually you're
gonna have to do
the same thing for Aiden.
And he can handle it.
Trust me.
I remember, um, struggling
with the controls.
The plane was not behaving
like it should have.
It-it had to be some sort
of failure, but I...
you know, I can't say what.
Why didn't you call
any of this in?
I did.
Wait, wait. Didn't I?
Lieutenant Hanna,
is there any chance
you thought you'd deviate
from your flight plan again?
Liven up what would
otherwise have been
a boring flight back
- to Point Mugu?
- No, ma'am.
I swear it.
As you're aware,
the flight was
being monitored in real time.
And all the data shows
everything working fine
up until the plane was
taken off autopilot.
All indications point to that
as the first event
in the crash sequence.
What, exactly,
are you saying, Commander?
Your actions may have
directly caused this crash.
The leading theory so far
is pilot error.
We're gonna pause
for a little bit.
Hopefully with time
more will come back to him.
And until then?
I've got a lot of
paperwork to start on.
Well, now I'm a little hungry,
so can you show me where
they hide the food
around this place?
Uh, you know what? Sure.
I could use
a little bite myself.
Mm-hmm.
Here.
I'll get it.
I-I'm good, Dad.
Just-just let me.
Okay. Take it slow.
So, um, how's it going
with the commander?
Badly. She thinks
this is my fault.
And if they can
blame it on me,
my career as a pilot
might be over.
I just cannot remember.
Well, try to put yourself
back in the cockpit,
go through all your senses,
see if you can
trigger something.
I am not Grandpa, Dad.
Aiden! Whoa, whoa.
Hey. Come on, come on,
sit down. Sit, sit...
I'm good, I'm good,
I'm good.
I just-- I'm good, I just got
a little dizzy is all.
Having a concussion
is not nothing, you know.
They said a series of those
is what could have led to
your grandfather's condition.
Really?
I mean,
yeah, they don't know
for sure,
but they said
at least contributed.
Back in his day, you were
expected to shake
this kind of thing off.
They even told me that, too,
from my time playing football
to being on the teams.
Wait, so you mean you might...
Who can know for sure?
I've had my share of knocks.
But you have to take
this stuff seriously.
I am.
I promise.
So we just wait here until
the project lead shows up?
They don't always come to us.
Enjoy it while you can.
Downtime really isn't my thing.
I've been told
my resting heart rate
is six shots of espresso.
So excuse the abrupt
subject change,
but you don't think Aiden
actually caused
that crash, do you?
What if I said that I did?
A good agent has to put
their emotions aside
and look at a case
from every angle.
Every pilot, even the best,
make mistakes.
True. But the Navy's
F-35 program
is highly selective.
Pilot error wouldn't be
my first instinct.
What about his reprimands?
A lot of fighter pilots
push their limits.
Comes with the job.
Okay, so if it's not
pilot error, what then?
I'm not sure yet. Exactly.
Neither am I.
For the record,
I agree with you.
But pilot performance
isn't our focus,
so we can't rule it out.
Especially if we don't
have evidence
of other factors.
- Do I have the right place?
- Jake Primiani?
Commander Espinoza told me
I had to talk to you,
so here I am.
Can we get this over with?
Hey.
Do you think
that I'd be crazy
to push for more punishment
for Officer McNeil?
What? No.
Absolutely not.
Why? Are you thinking
of letting it go?
I don't know.
Some days I just want to
walk away from all of it,
you know?
But I feel weak
thinking that way.
This morning
I couldn't find my wallet,
and I lost my mind.
Been that way
- ever since the stop.
- I'm so sorry.
But you are not weak,
no matter what you decide.
Right.
I just don't want this to be
what defines me as an agent.
Of course. I get it.
The thing is,
is you can't choose
how people are gonna see you,
whether you fight this or not.
Are you trying to help?
Because...
Look, sure, some of those LAPD
cops have their minds made up,
but if you fight this,
so many other people
are gonna see something
completely different.
Okay, they're gonna see
the same principled,
incredibly brave person I do.
Someone to emulate.
Whatever you do,
you got to do for you.
And only you.
Thanks, I...
I needed that today.
Yeah, for sure.
Hey, tree may bend,
tree don't break.
I like that.
Oh, Parks Department sent over
the license plate logs.
Oh, great.
I got the list of witness
vehicles right here.
Okay, if we cross-reference
them...
Ooh, right there.
That one.
Yeah?
Yeah.
That license plate's
not on the list.
Entered at 6:45 a.m.,
left at 7:37.
Maybe Kaleidoscope can help us
find out where it is now.
Sure, uh, Kilbride
can handle that?
I made the mistake
of underestimating
his Ops skills before.
I am not about
to do it again.
Come on.
Have an update, Agent Namazi?
FATIMA [over tablet]:
More of a request.
You, uh, game to run
a Kaleidoscope search for us?
Ooh, now that's the one
that stitches
all the little pictures
together, right?
Oh...
It's a joke, Rountree.
What's the plate?
3-Papa-Charlie-
India-2-1-4.
Okay.
That matches records for
a 1977 Dodge Tradesman
registered to one
Marco Madsen.
The search is starting now.
Great.
Really good job, sir.
I don't need a pat
on the back, Agent Namazi.
I am not some CYO soccer brat
looking for
a participation trophy.
Of course.
Sorry, sir.
And it looks like
we have a hit.
That was quick.
Probably because it didn't
go very far.
It's parked on a street
just a few miles away.
Sending you the location now.
The F-35 has the most advanced
sensor suite
of any fighter in history.
Our software package will make
that even more formidable,
extending its range
and improving both
its electronic warfare attack
and countermeasure capabilities.
That's impressive,
but we've heard that
the program's behind schedule.
It is.
And that's one of the reasons
I need to get out of here ASAP.
We have another test
flight coming up.
They're putting another plane
in the air this soon?
This system was
supposed to deploy
in a matter of weeks.
If there's a problem with it,
- we need to figure it out now.
- Why can't you just
- test this on a simulator?
- We are.
Pilots have been rerunning
the incident flight all day.
No one's been able to
replicate the problem.
Why is everything
down to the wire
- in the first place?
- There's never enough time.
There's always hiccups, but
the deadlines stay the same.
We're having to
finish our testing
with fleet pilots
from the squadron,
but in a way that helps.
Puts us in more real-world
situations.
Even if it results in an
incident like this morning's?
That's not what I meant.
So what kind of hiccups
have you had, exactly?
Your normal glitches and bugs.
But those were early
in sim testing.
We shook them all out before
we ever hit the skies for real.
Since then it's been
smooth sailing.
Which is why we can't
afford this setback.
Speaking of, um, I really need
to get to the hangar
to prep this flight.
Am I free to go?
Go.
Come on, damn machine.
You know, the same thing
happened to me earlier.
Turns out they made all the
machines cashless after COVID.
Cashless?
Yeah. I'll show you.
What did you want?
I just--
You don't have to.
No, it'd be my pleasure.
Well, I was going
to get a Twinkie.
Oh, a man after
my own heart.
Would you look at that?
Oh, no. It's my treat.
In fact,
I think I'll get one
for myself, too.
So how is Grandpop?
Well, he has his
good days and bad.
What about living together
again? That can't be easy.
Well, we haven't killed each
other so far, so I can say that.
Although he did basically fire
the caretaker this morning
when she...
What is it?
No... The engine flamed out.
I-I just remembered,
that's what started it all.
That's what caused the autopilot
to disengage,
then the electronics
went haywire.
- Commander Hirsch doesn't know?
- No, no.
She said the data supports
everything working fine
until the autopilot went off.
I'll call it in.
Try to find her.
Well, this gives
♪vanlife a new meaning.
- Marco Madsen?
- Who's asking?
NCIS.
One, two, three. Ho!
- Whoa!
- Yeah, we just want
to talk, my man.
I-I-I swear I got all
those fishing licenses legally.
Fishing licenses?
What are you talking about?
Uh...
We're investigating
a plane crash,
we were hoping
that you might have
seen something this morning.
Oh, yeah, that.
I did see that.
Uh, a fighter plane.
It crashed.
Yeah, it crashed.
Can you elaborate?
I knew it was in trouble.
Um, it was out of control.
It was making some
strange noises, too.
The engine was out.
- Wait, the engine was out?
- Yeah.
- Are you sure?
- Positive.
Because it kicked back in
just before the pilot ejected.
Guess it was too late.
Well, that contradicts
Commander Hirsch's data.
But it confirms Aiden's account.
I'm gonna call Kilbride.
All right.
Now, about those fishing licenses.
- Commander, is this a bad time?
- No, Admiral.
Just a little busy.
We have a flight in the air
retesting Starling's system
right now.
I heard, which is why
I'm passing this on directly.
We have a report
from an eyewitness
that backs up
Lieutenant Hanna's claims.
Evidently, his engine
did cut out and stayed out
- until just before impact.
- Don't worry, Admiral,
we have the plane
at a higher altitude
in closed airspace
over the ocean.
Plenty of time to troubleshoot
if a problem arises.
Sir, I can't raise the pilot.
I've lost his transponder
but still have him on radar.
Kegger, this is Charlie Oscar. Over.
He's losing altitude.
Kegger, this is Charlie Oscar.
Are you reading me?
Still no contact.
Passing 5,000 feet.
Commander, I am patching you
through to one of my agents
who is with Lieutenant Hanna now.
They are aware of the situation.
Go ahead.
Agent Hanna, you are on
- with Commander Espinoza.
- We've got you.
Who's up there, Commander?
Lieutenant Keck.
Damn.
If it's the same issue,
he can hear you
but you can't hear him.
- 2,000 feet.
- Kegger, if you can hear me,
you should bypass the VMC and
head straight to generator three
for the reboot.
- Are you sure about that?
- Yes, sir.
That's the only way I was able
to refire the engine.
1,000...He's about to drop off
the scope.
Lieutenant Keck,
bypass the VMC and switch
to generator three.
I've lost him.
Point Mugu Tower,
this is Kegger.
I've regained control
and I have leveled off.
Glad to hear it,
Lieutenant Keck.
Climb back to flight level 5-0
and make your way back to base.
Roger that, sir.
Sonic, if you can hear me,
thank you.
Good job.
That was one hell of a fix,
Lieutenant Hanna.
Definitely not on
the emergency checklist.
Thanks, ma'am. It's-it's
all coming back to me now.
Uh, it was too late for me when
I was able to refire the engine.
I'm glad it wasn't too late
for Kegger.
Well, let's, uh, continue
with your statement, then.
I'll give you two the room.
Where's my father?
Oh, he's not back yet?
I thought the nurse was gonna
bring him back here.
Mr. Primiani,
just who we're looking for.
- Have a minute?
- Not really.
Well, you might want
to make one.
We heard about
the latest incident.
Anything you said previously
that you would like to amend?
No, there's not.
It's still too early
- to pinpoint a cause.
- Is it?
Well, maybe we should
just look at the facts.
Either two elite pilots made
the exact same mistake,
two cutting-edge planes
separately suffered
the exact same never-before-seen
system failure,
or there's a problem
with the one common thread
between the two incidents,
and that would be your system.
Look, okay, it does
have a flaw in it.
But we already knew that.
A-A-And it was patched
months ago during sim testing.
What kind of flaw
are we talking about?
This kind of issue
has the potential
to sink our program,
if not the entire company.
Oh, we are way past
that consideration.
The system can overload
the flight computer.
Which could lead to a flameout
and loss of control?
In a worst-case scenario,
yes, but like I said,
it was patched.
It's never been an issue
since we got out of the sim.
Then how did this happen twice?
Someone must have intentionally
bypassed the fix.
I-I don't see any other way.
Did you have access
to the system
- before both flights?
- Of course.
But I-I would never do this.
You've got to believe me.
My entire career is invested
in this system.
Look, I-I know,
I know it was wrong
to-to withhold the flaw
from you,
but I swear that's all I did.
Well, and maybe injured
another pilot, if not worse.
I'm sorry.
I messed up, I know.
Who else could have done this?
Our servers here on base
are air-gapped,
so the programming would have
had to be done physically here,
but pretty much anyone
on our team has access.
The diagnostic terminal
should have records
of everyone who accessed
- the system.
- Show us.
Sitrep?
Sorry, sir, I couldn't
help myself.
Someone at Starling Aero
likely sabotaged the system,
which means we're going
to have to start scanning
all of their employees,
looking for motives
or targets for espionage.
Okay, sir,
we'll get on it.
- There you are.
- Oh, you must be Sam.
I hear this charming gentleman
is under your care.
Charming?
Hmm.
Oh, cut it out.
My dear, it's been
an absolute pleasure.
Oh...
So...
let me get this straight,
he willingly let you
keep your eye on him
- this whole time?
- Oh, yeah.
He's a sweet one.
Reminds me a lot
of my own dad.
Are you sure we're talking
about the same person?
Do you how hard it is
for me to find someone
he's willing to put up with?
Oh, that's a common story.
It can be tough
to find the right fit.
You know, I'm only per diem
here at the hospital.
I do a bit of home
- care on the side.
- Yeah?
If you need someone,
let me know.
I absolutely will, Constance.
Agent Hanna.
I've heard enough to shift
the investigation
from the crash
to Starling Aero.
Consider yourself released
from the sidelines.
You're free to join
the rest of your team.
But to be clear,
to prove this theory,
we'll need hard evidence
of the sabotage.
Understood.
Dad. Charming.
Prince Charming.
Yeah.
Stay with Aiden.
I mean it.
Thank you.
This is where we program
the system
before it's installed
on the plane.
- Huh.
- What's wrong?
Someone pulled the hard drive.
We need to account for your
employees right now.
Okay, I may have found
something here.
I found a person
with irregular financials,
but the only thing is, they're
not anyone from Starling.
Who is it, then?
Callen.
Frazier.
I told you they don't always
come to us.
Call base security.
Stop the truck!
Frazier, stop.
It's over.
No!
- Drop the gun.
- This all got out of hand.
No one's gonna understand.
Understand what?
Starling knew about the flaw.
They were hiding it.
I was just trying
to make everybody see.
Then those fools started
focusing on the wrong error.
It was the system,
not pilot error!
That's why you did it
a second time.
I didn't want to, but it
would have all been for nothing.
Master Chief Frazier.
I'm Special Agent Sam Hanna.
Aiden's father.
I understand.
If I'm willing to forgive you,
others will, too. Huh?
Put the gun down.
Put it down, please.
I'm sorry.
Put it down.
Drop it. Drop the gun.
Drop it.
I'm sorry.
Hands up, on your head.
Relax.
Let's go. With me.
You really mean that?
It's important to be gracious
with forgiveness.
It'll take some time,
but I'm willing to try.
Hey, great work today.
Thanks, but I only had
a small part.
Callen and Sam are very good
at de-escalation.
It's a shame about
Master Chief Frazier, though.
Seems like a good guy
who really lost his way.
I'd say so.
We traced his financials,
and we found a payout
from one of Starling's rivals.
They were trying
to tank the program
so they could swoop in
and steal the contract?
That's what it looks like.
Hey, so, how did your
call go this morning?
I guess as well as it could.
Everything's official now.
It's kind of weird, though,
you know?
You don't get anything
after a divorce.
It just kind of becomes finalized.
I'd be happy to
get you something.
Maybe when we finish these
after action reports,
like a celebration drink.
Unless this is something
you don't want to celebrate.
'Cause we can be sad instead.
No. A celebration
- would be good.
- Great.
Maybe with a little bit
of sadness.
Well, then, the Snake Pit
is calling our name.
It is the right amount
of divey for both.
- Thank you, Fatima.
- Yeah.
Agent Rountree.
Good to see your desk
back in ship shape.
Yeah.
As much as it ever was, I guess.
Still got that damn ball
on display
from beating my Tigers.
That baby's not going
- anywhere anytime soon.
- Hmm.
Well...
Uh, sir.
Uh... what would you
do if, if you were me?
Well, like I said,
Agent Rountree,
this really isn't my place...
I-I know. I know, sir, but...
I'm asking.
Personally, I'd like to see
the bastard's hide
nailed to the outhouse wall,
instead of just
a slap on the wrist.
Yeah.
Even if pushing back
affected our office,
made our jobs harder?
Agent Rountree, you are part
of a very elite team.
Every member of it
is behind you on this,
including me, come what may.
I appreciate that, sir.
Night, Rountree.
Night.
Commander.
Ah, Agent Hanna.
I'm wrapping up here.
Glad I caught you.
My initial take
on your son was wrong.
And I can admit that.
I hope there are
no hard feelings.
Target fixation's
a hell of a thing.
That it is.
It's safe to say that
Lieutenant Hanna
was at no fault
for this incident,
and as soon as he's cleared
by the flight surgeon,
he'll be back up in the sky.
Well, thank you, Commander.
Oh, and I thought
you might like to know
that Commander Espinoza
has written him up
for a commendation. Hmm.
It wasn't luck he
avoided those apartments
when he went down.
By staying with the plane
as long as he did
to refire the engine,
he saved lives.
That's a special son you've got.
Well, I hope you didn't
tell him that.
He's got a big enough
ego as is.
Yeah, most stick jockeys do.
I should know.
I'm one of 'em.
Let me get this straight.
When you look down,
you look
straight through the plane
- to the ground?
- Yep.
On the inside of your visor.
Any direction you
turn your head.
It's something else.
Yeah, well, do they have
airsick bags up there, too?
Glad to see you two
haven't
burned this place down.
Yet.
Yeah, well...
- he's gotten good.
- Yeah?
I haven't won a game yet.
That's 'cause I learned
from the best.
Squadron sent you this.
They wanted me to officially
welcome you as a member
of the Martin Baker fan club.
Anybody want to enlighten
a confused old man?
It's the ejection seat manufacturer.
They saved my ass,
that's for sure.
I'll stand for themany day.
Well, that calls for a drink.
Oh, come on, are you serious?
He's got a concussion.
Well, we don't.
Dad.
All right, water for you two.
Yeah.
- Huh?
- Just a splash.
Help you pour.
To, um, three generations
of badasses. Hmm?
Now, sure, two of you
unenlightened souls
went Navy, but we'll find
a way to forgive you.
Hear, hear.
Oh, Callen told me
something interesting...
Sonic.
Now, see, I'm confused again.
Uh, it's my call
sign, Grandpop.
Your squadron picks it for you,
usually after you've done
something pretty stupid.
Yeah, like, say illegally
breaking the sound barrier?
Something like that?
Well, let's just say that
my plane wasn't the only thing
that went supersonic that day.
I have never seen my CO
use that many curse words.
My boy. Yeah.
Captioning sponsored by CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org